Update trainable parameters in `validate_and_expand_adjoint` (#4365)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  have a batch dimension.
  [(#4353)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4353)

* `qml.devices.qubit.preprocess.validate_and_expand_adjoint` now correctly updates the
  trainable parameters of the expanded tape.

>   []()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [(#4365)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4365)
```

  `qml.drawer.use_style` instead of `black_white`.
  [(#4357)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4357)

> * `qml.devices.qubit.preprocess.validate_and_expand_adjoint` now correctly updates the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `qml.devices.qubit.preprocess.validate_and_expand_adjoint` no longer sets the
```
